okay guys i'm going to show you how to
get unlimited amounts of gold using a
method that you can do after getting the
patch I actually try doing it with the
method before the patch but it didn't
work for me so here you go you're still
going to need your two controllers with
the two characters and you can see here
I am signed into mine main character
first and then sunny in the second
character and i'm gifting the second
character 100,000 i actually did this
for time in case i messed up so you'll
see the four gifts i am going to just
select one gift and rejecting that and
then signing her out immediately after i
reject it that way it doesn't record the
rejection saved and then I get on my
main character go and accept the gift
and it gives me a hundred thousand gold
and I continue to do the same process
over and over over again and I'll show
you here I'm going to sign her back in
and then go back to the sanctuary and
you'll see the four gifts or still there
and I'll just reject the one gift again
and then right away I sign her out and
this prevents the game from saving the
rejection and then I get on my main
character and accept the gift as you'll
see I'm getting more money and then I
continue to do the same process again
and this is very simple as long as you
get signed out before it saves then
you'll be fine your bill to get as much
money you can
and you know if you do mess up it's
going to record the rejection which is
the reason why I did forget and I'll
show you at the very end I actually came
down to the last get and it shows you I
ended up with over four million dollars
or four million gold and with this
process and there it is again for gifts
and signing out and again this is a
really simple process and this is the
last part where I actually ended up
being done with doing this method for
getting cold you can do this all the
time if you want to this was my last
down to my last gift so I rejected that
and I think I'd tried to do it again but
it didn't it actually no actually this
time I I did allowed to just say I was
done doing this process and you'll see I
ended up with over for mine gold